
=pod

=head1 NAME

gfsmxl_cascade_nbest_strings - Lookup N-best string path in a gfsmxl cascade for line-buffered input



=head1 SYNOPSIS

gfsmxl_cascade_nbest_strings [OPTIONS] TEXT_FILE

 Arguments:
    TEXT_FILE  Input text file

 Options
    -h         --help               Print help and exit.
    -V         --version            Print version and exit.
    -cFILE     --rcfile=FILE        Read an alternate configuration file.
    -CCASCADE  --cascade=CASCADE    Specify cascade for lookup
    -lLABFILE  --labels=LABFILE     Specify alphabet for string->label lookup
    -pN_PATHS  --max-paths=N_PATHS  Specify maximum number of paths to extract
    -oN_OPS    --max-ops=N_OPS      Specify maximum number of configuration-pop operations
    -wFLOAT    --max-weight=FLOAT   Specify maximum weight of extractable paths
    -FFILE     --output=FILE        Specify output file (default=stdout).

=cut

###############################################################
# Description
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Lookup N-best string path in a gfsmxl cascade for line-buffered input



=cut

###############################################################
# Arguments
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 4

=item C<TEXT_FILE>

Input text file


Required.  Input files are assumed to be in 1-word-per-line format.


=back



=cut


###############################################################
# Options
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item C<--help> , C<-h>

Print help and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--version> , C<-V>

Print version and exit.

Default: '0'




=item C<--rcfile=FILE> , C<-cFILE>

Read an alternate configuration file.

Default: 'NULL'

See also: L<CONFIGURATION FILES>.




=item C<--cascade=CASCADE> , C<-CCASCADE>

Specify cascade for lookup

Default: 'cascade.gfsc'


CASCADE should be primarily sorted on lower labels.





=item C<--labels=LABFILE> , C<-lLABFILE>

Specify alphabet for string-E<gt>label lookup

Default: 'cascade.lab'




=item C<--max-paths=N_PATHS> , C<-pN_PATHS>

Specify maximum number of paths to extract

Default: '1'




=item C<--max-ops=N_OPS> , C<-oN_OPS>

Specify maximum number of configuration-pop operations

Default: '-1'




=item C<--max-weight=FLOAT> , C<-wFLOAT>

Specify maximum weight of extractable paths

Default: '1e+38'




=item C<--output=FILE> , C<-FFILE>

Specify output file (default=stdout).

Default: '-'




=back




=cut

###############################################################
# configuration files
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 CONFIGURATION FILES

Configuration files are expected to contain lines of the form:

    LONG_OPTION_NAME    OPTION_VALUE

where LONG_OPTION_NAME is the long name of some option,
without the leading '--', and OPTION_VALUE is the value for
that option, if any.  Fields are whitespace-separated.
Blank lines and comments (lines beginning with '#')
are ignored.

No configuration files are read by default.

=cut



###############################################################
# Addenda
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ADDENDA



=head2 About this Document

Documentation file auto-generated by optgen.perl version 0.06
using Getopt::Gen version 0.11.
Translation was initiated
as:

   optgen.perl -l --nocfile --nohfile --notimestamp -F gfsmxl_cascade_nbest_strings gfsmxl_cascade_nbest_strings.gog

=cut


###############################################################
# Bugs
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS



None known.



=cut

###############################################################
# Footer
###############################################################
=pod

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Perl by Larry Wall.

Getopt::Gen by Bryan Jurish.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bryan Jurish E<lt>moocow@ling.uni-potsdam.deE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO


gfsmutils(1)


=cut



